Inventors have undoubtedly been heroes for all of us. By burning the midnight oil, they have gifted humankind with revolutionizing technology. Whether it is a mobile phone or a radio, they have never been miser in endowing the society with life transforming inventions. One such empowering invention has been of Computer. Not one but there are many geniuses behind the development and growth of this phenomenal technology. Wooden abacus laid basis for the computers long time back. By walking through annals of computer history, one can have a peek into rich legacy of 21st century’s technology. Back from 3000 B.C. abacus, which was a simple calculating tool introduced in China, is known to be the foundation of today’s computers. But in essence this tool cannot be compared with the super computers of today. After abacus, came slide rule in year 1622 A.D introduced by William Oughtred. This was considered to be though provoking and conceptual element to the computer development. Growth of computers had to go through various phases, starting with difference engine by Charles Babbage in year 1822. Difference and analytical engines were too mechanical and their weight was in tons. The first generation that lasted from 1940 to 1956 gave computers in the form of vacuum tubes. And second generation computers that survived from 1956 to 1963 were based on the transistors. Then came its third generation, 1964 to 1971, which witnessed integrated circuits. And the coming generations were the ones where artificial intelligence took the lead.  The interesting part is who is known as father of computers- Charles Baggage did not know that he would make an important place in history with his invention. In the 19th century, calculation of mathematical table was done by computers. It was not the technology that is used today but the people, who took computing task, were known as computers. But because it was done by human beings, there were many errors too. With a computer science and a mathematics background, Charles thought of building calculating machine. He began working on a machine that could analyze the input while giving appropriate outputs. Because it was designed for eliminating differential errors with mathematical table, it was known as difference engine. Charles Baggage could not complete the design due to complexity and size of its design. But his urge to find a solution to this problem led to introduction of difference engine 2 which was better version of the initial design.