growth   1622 1822. 1940 1956 1956 1963 1964 1971, 19th 2 21st 3000 A.D After And And B.C. Babbage Back Baggage Baggage Because But But But By By Charles Charles Charles Charles China, Computer. Difference Growth He In Inventors It Not One Oughtred. The The Then This Whether William With Wooden a a a a a a a a abacus abacus, abacus, all an analytical analyze and and and and and and annals appropriate are artificial as as as back. background, based basis be be be because been been been began behind beings, better building burning but but by by by by calculating calculating calculation came came can cannot century, century’s circuits. coming compared complete complexity computer computer computer computers computers computers computers computers computers- computers. computers. computers. computing conceptual considered could could design design. design. designed development development. did difference difference difference differential done done due element eliminating empowering endowing engine engine engine. engines errors errors essence father find first for for for form foundation from from from gave generation generation generation, generations geniuses gifted giving go provoking  had has have have have have he heroes his his history history, human humankind important in in in in in in in in initial input integrated intelligence interesting into introduced introduced introduction invention invention. inventions. is is is is is it it it it its its know known known known known laid lasted lead. led legacy life long machine machine. make many many mathematical mathematical mathematics mechanical midnight miser mobile never not not not of of of of of of of of of of of of of of of oil, on on one one ones or outputs. part peek people, phases, phenomenal phone place problem year  radio, revolutionizing rich rule science second simple size slide society solution starting such super survived table table, task, technology technology. technology. technology. that that that that that the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the their there there they they third this this this though thought through through time to to to to to to to to to to to today today. today’s tons. too too. took took tool tool transforming transistors. tubes. undoubtedly urge us. used vacuum various version walking was was was was was was was was was weight were were were were were where which which which while who who with with with with with with witnessed working would year 